hey intern oh hi did you know that the
power of magnetism is friendship power
oh power ofes you're finally attractive
oh no oh what is that is that magnet oh
W also you're not attractive cuz you're
repulsive wait is that what how that's a
polarizing
opinion hi there I picked him up okay
come here nope nope nope
nope have one of those oh you're just
doing other things now no no no it's
only oh just duplicated hey wait oh yeah
can I magnetize a platform it looks like
I can't what that was good I forgot
we're very squishy first to 20 wins all
right all right all right can I just
space time oh I got a black hole can I
wait can we magnetize a black hole let's
see oh I can wow that was cool can we
play catch with a black hole oh sure
breing it get my get my and fire no did
you just suck yourself into a black hole
I guess black holes are so attractive
I'm terrible at this oh I put one of
those down a stick hi
hey did you what did you kill me with a
grenade a grenade straight to the face
oh that's illegal you can't do that
you're not very good at catching either
I wasn't paying
attention hello and duplicate oh it it
went under water right away oh yeah just
keep pulling it to yourself I don't even
know wo wo wo W hi
there wao I was hoping you would move to
there wait can I duplicate you maybe oh
I just duplicated the ocean wait you did
here yeah the water what is this
doing W hey there's two do it again this
is getting out of hand do it
again there's three of us we're so big
and smart and yeah beautiful give me
that oh don't duplicate the ocean
again oopsies uh Hey I just Shunk your
twin you made me smaller you Munchies if
you make him smaller again do you get to
eat
him can he you did you jerk why would
you do that oh well that's one way to
leave the battle I just kind of jumped
off the edge of the world that was great
okay uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh and
then wh and W catch uh-oh wa oh that was
close
close wait okay here here's the deal
here come down here wait I'm going to
throw I'm going to throw a grenade at
your magnet ready ready wait for it to
come
back never
mind if you hold a grenade long enough
you get an
achievement really yeah I just learned
that ooh do you see my purple goop on
the ground I do
uhhuh
whoa a bo bo
oh that was perfect did you duplicate
yourself I I must have accidentally okay
we got to play we got to play real for
real for reals now for real for real for
real I don't even know what that does I
don't either but I know what this does
can I throw
it catch
waa
woo yeah get out of
you wa oh that's what that is I forgot
about that I'm going to come so if I do
this and then say yeet Hi and then I end
up over there we can both end up over
there we're guys the big brain plays
except you are not me I we don't know
what's going on over here no CL the four
brain cells are not functioning properly
W four I think that's a record for you
oh that was cool I don't think you're
used to operating on those kind of
numbers yeah run away B
okay I got a lot I got a lot of come
wait you know what it is I haven't been
using the magnet properly that's you're
probably
right O
Mine I was going to magnet it I did
magnet it towards you magn magn magnetic
your personality is magnetic oh it shs
okay get out of here okay wow who all
right whoop that works for me that's not
how drills work we're C we're catching
up we're catching up you got a lot of
catching up to do I do missed it nice
nice oh I was hoping to mag get you
back what is that come here you come
here hey yes you can't do that wait we
were supposed to do the we're supposed
to do the thing where we grenade the the
magnet grenade right oh yeah like hot
potato hot pot
okay I don't have a magnet grenade you
don't either I don't either I got boom
Oh that was dumb that was
maybe try it again and what Hey Now
You're an Allstar get your game on go
play are you so excited about Shrek 5
coming out I
am I am scared of Shrek now as if I
wasn't before nope nope nope nope
I want that moon give me the moon give
me the moon give the moon I'm want to be
like gr give me the moon mo mo mo give
me the
moon um are you whoa whoa
whoa I can't move now what happens I
have no
idea oh neat cool story well that worked
I think I duplicated the rocket how did
you win that how did you win what I
think it was because I duplicated a uh
the game ooh two magnets what how do you
magnet a
magnet well let's find out
whoa and
po okay uh-huh you can have it yeah I'm
here ready does this do anything
nope
pow we're not very good at magnets are
we we're not we're not very good in
general oh I think you hit me did I I
don't
know oh that was close that was very
close woo hey now there's two of me okay
and o a black hole over there Debs Don't
Mind If I
Do hey you who you almost lost
everything so the one with abilities
died so now I have nothing no you do you
can teleport NE that's not what I wanted
I was promised a black
hole oh you're throwing my teleport back
to me how nice of you wait what is that
what I did yeah and you're just
duplicating the smoke is more
smoke get
in can I teleport to smoke to you ah no
no no no no no no no no no no no no
no and then teleport oh that's not
teleporting no no no no no no no no no I
think I
oh no I'm back here where smoke we're
just we're just playing with smoke
here I forgot you could do that that's
the only thing I really could do the
score is looking pretty nice
though what do I do now what do I do now
ooh two meates oh hey inter turn ready
hey
pow okay
shut
up surprise black hole I was trying to
grab it and throw it at you but it
didn't work I was kind of hoping you
would but it just sucked everything in
right
away oh that that's still deadly oh you
just stabbed yourself nice it's working
it's working what's working my
skills
ready uh-huh
no that was a little Haywire it
was
oh I'll just come to you
no and then what no perfect working as
intended okay I'm catching up I'm
catching up this is just slow and steady
pain
oh ooh what am I doing and now what are
you doing slams I think I had like uh
Taco Bell
woohoo wo uhoh and ye whoa oo that was a
fun little catch hey ENT turn uhhuh come
over here I got a present for you I
don't know if I like this present you
missed you can't even give a present
properly okay
wait it's a
teleporter come here you're you're stuck
to me now we're going to
go surprise woohoo come here Blitz no
get him out of here whoa uh-huh
uh that is the slowest thing ever oh
spin out wa we went in Sonic mode oh I
got him I got him oh
nope stop doing that no you can't tell
me what to do you're not my real dad
come here uh I I want to pull you with
me I got places to show you I don't want
to go I don't want to go
Dad all right fine then I'll just go to
you woo woo woo woo I was kind of hoping
that would launch me speaking of
launching you oh
yeah I don't know what's happening how's
how's that working for you I don't know
anymore he hey hey hey hey come
here oh I got a new ability
yeah I'm just going to keep zapping you
nope uhhuh just uh wow
nice yep yep
yep we have the worst guns right now by
the way we do they're like literally the
worst whoa everything just dropped down
drop
down oh dropping
down no no no
no still
what I can't have anything nice npe not
all not right I need to come over here
with you okay away we go and then what
does this do I don't know let's kill it
though I got two of them I'm walking on
you that's weird that is very weird no
two mines did you see them they t you
they call it a mine they got
cooties come over here or I'll just come
over there that works too hi oh and woo
this
Spiderman oh that's
pretty what do it do
what
anything I have no idea
just go
away if i z that little green ball can I
duplicate it I don't know I'll make a
new one for you though oh so nice of you
well that's not the duplicate That's Not
Duplicate ow now I got two of you and
wi did you soku yourself yes I might
have this is how I win just by not
letting you do anything smart okay
ready but that doesn't mean that you do
anything smart either
what that was smart no no no we're TI
we're
tied all right time to lock in time
too are you just hitching a ride catch a
ride on the
scooterman
what smooshed them I smooshed them okay
what's this one all about though time to
do the ooh could do the sming right
back and then just get over
there you know the thing we said about
not doing anything smart yeah that was
that was us the brain cells they got
tired okay what o boy
catch okay that was a little too soon
yeah it was I'm sorry we can we can do a
do over you're not sorry you're right
I'm not I'm taking a win I'm taking the
dub you should be able to catch a rocket
though if it can make
it hi it is I hey catch catch catch
catch wa you duplicated
it hold up can we duplicate the black
hole I don't know do it do it okay just
wait oh yeah okay let me do it
again makes me wish I had to duplicate
right now oh yeah it's getting big
bigger doesn't STI around very
long okay what if I just feed it Rockets
ooh it does get a little bigger balls I
I lost the duplicator and I got this
thing no why would you do that I don't
know um Can can you make a new black
hole somewhere different or I'm going to
try to get close to it don't do anything
stupid it will help me I can't do
anything with the black hole ability
ever
[Music]
again that is risky w
out well why would you do that come here
black hole what if I send you into the
black hole that does not reach at all oh
you made
it come on black hole come back here
come on Black Hole by our powers no oh I
can throw abilities it's coming at us
feed it to the black hole okay and then
no no no no no no
no what if you throw the teleport into
the black
hole go oh it goes right through it it
did all right give me this
back you did again oh that's so close
some Hang Time come here come here
that's it that's it hey I found your
teleport why did you
get
okay oh running out of time hurry black
hole get over here no no no no oh no way
I I think that wor for you it was
cow why does this map have to go away
can we be stupid you want to see stupid
Zoom is you proud of me oh yeah so good
wooo hey hi hi
oh that wasn't nice of you point blank
I was going to zoom around you and it
didn't charge enough okay what do I get
oh what is this one I forgot
about warn me before you're going to do
that that was large I I thre something
else at you I don't know what it was but
I did oh we're moving we are moving
we're moving in
[Music]
turn why would you keep me from moving I
don't know it was worth it though I like
your little picture in the bottom corner
he was sad he had sad why would you like
that who waa hi there hi how are you
y y y I don't have ye back
y uh-oh uh-oh and Y oh hit that was
disgusting now my gu said I like that oh
I got a black hole again I got a black
hole little green ball okay let go run
away from
it and
woo let's just feed it the
platform what do the green balls do have
we figured have we become smart enough
to figure that out what if I hit you
with
it catch that is a terrible
throw and it just
fizzled catch okay
hello it's stopping just short I will
make a second
one you know what
that you know I really don't know I have
no clue
either I can't the black hole doesn't
eat it uh-oh just trying to get a
platform to the black
hole yes sir
there we go there we go yes it's getting
bigger it is feed it feed it feed no
feed it feed it I won I'm so good at
this
game come here give me oh hey enter come
down here with your magnet okay magnets
is only now charge each other up oh
shoot sorry okay okay I think I see
you're going for now I I think we might
be able to like rocket each other oh wa
push each other away yeah do it again
ready wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wa wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait and
go I wonder if we go farther away if we
can like go on that Year rock over
there
okay oh we're pulling each other
in uh-huh I guys are so excited for
something that's not going to happen
yeah oh it fizzled well darn well
shoot
W what my Ball's bigger than your
ball oh we're tired boy we're tied we're
TI again oh my
goodness I'm going to catch a ride oh
wait wait wait no oh did you see that I
switched
them I was going to see clash of the
Zoomies oh Clash of what is
this don't touch me I don't know I kind
of want to pull you here
no oh stop
that what does this do I don't know does
it just make you
invincible try
it okay you come down here okay wait
hold on the screen was changing colors
was it yeah
[Music]
it's getting
darker whoa oh time stop can you move
can you move nope I
cannot
oh
wow I'm dead that was awesome I'm a pile
of
Ash and you're almost winning he seems
like it do you see do you see that it's
a it's a lollipop go touch it wow can I
magnet the lollipop nope mag it yourself
shut up we're dumb we're dumber than
dumb but that still gave you a point
that's all right one more and I the
victory win I don't like this I don't
like this
wooo nope no
no that was cool blasted The Rock Away
Dwayne does not like that you can't
blast The Rock but Jimmy Neutron does
Jimmy Neutron got a
blast oh that's
fun still really wonder what this does
green
ball it was sne you can't see
me uh-oh the green ball woo we so sneaky
so sneaky hey hold up there was a new
item over here was there I oh it's a
Teleport oh that's it yeah that's
stupid what if I teleport you straight
to the
ocean makes Splash you Splash he fell
for it I didn't fall for
it oh you fell for a hook line and sink
no I teleported for it all right okay
next Point wins I got the dumb green
ball again yeah you do actually we both
do can we touch
balls can you say that oh sorry
that was exciting it did just going to
drop that there leave it for you I kind
of want to make you fall on it but it's
not really
moving a that would have been
cool no you would have been
cool there we go there we go and then
woo wa yes I knew it if I didn't do wait
that green ball was doing something was
it
yeah all right not anymore it ain't I
got to do an ability
select we got to figure out what the
dumb green ball is okay green ball where
are
you green ball is called a Revival
Revival oh I bet if it if you have more
than two players it works you know maybe
but we don't have that many friends nope
and I won because I'm better than you
okay bye bye I'd like to thank all my
patrons and channel members including
Doug rules cander D Pon ples lank fuzzy
badge Kyler j boxback nru w k Grim
Reaper Rod rubby melon Tunes gagee
cheesy autod da Ben Dicky J general
Harris Trent M Cino Kegan H Lou C zarov
maxer raal VC engineer sarx whiskey and
YH